# Change Log

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file
automatically by Versionist. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE MANUALLY!
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## 3.0.1 - 2019-05-08

* Add node 12 tests [Pagan Gazzard]
* Add repo.yml for upstream changelogs [Pagan Gazzard]
* Add .versionbot/CHANGELOG.yml for downstream changelogs [Pagan Gazzard]

## 3.0.0 - 2019-03-08

* Add automatic modified at fields [Pagan Gazzard]

## v2.1.0 - 2018-11-03

* Switch to using a prepare script so npm git installs can work [Pagan Gazzard]
* Switch to generating commonjs format [Pagan Gazzard]

## v2.0.8 - 2018-10-10

* Update dependencies [Pagan Gazzard]

## v2.0.7 - 2018-09-18

* Keep the index intact when replacing the id field [Pagan Gazzard]

## v2.0.6 - 2018-09-07

* Resolve synonyms for link tables, fixing term forms on term forms [Pagan Gazzard]

## v2.0.5 - 2018-06-04

* Ensure the correct FK field name is used in link table rules #19 [Tim Perry]

## v2.0.4 - 2018-05-10

* Update dependencies #17 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v2.0.3 - 2018-05-10

* Require npm 4+ to publish, to avoid issues with publishing #16 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v2.0.2 - 2018-05-07

* Make sure the canonical fact types for term forms include the linked verb. This fixes issues where the wrong attribute name would be used when generating the abstract sql using those relationships #15 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v2.0.1 - 2018-04-30

* Add node 10 to the circleci tests #14 [Pagan Gazzard]
* Move circle.yml to .circleci/config.yml #14 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v2.0.0 - 2018-04-25

* Switch references to use the `resourceName` which is the lookup key for the `tables` entry of the abstract sql model, and will allow for much easier lookups. #13 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v1.0.4 - 2017-12-11

* Set up circleci auto-publishing #12 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v1.0.3 - 2017-10-03

* Include the full relationship which includes the first term for all foreign keys, rather than just term forms. #11 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v1.0.2 - 2017-09-21

* Add relationship info for concept types #10 [Pagan Gazzard]

## v1.0.1 - 2017-09-19

* Added versionist [Giovanni Garufi]
* Added negation across all factTypes [Giovanni Garufi]

## v1.0.0

* Switched relationships info to terminate with a $ property, this fixes cases where one relationship is a subset of another
* Stopped adding a alias for the term form of a fact type to the returned tables list and instead consistently use the original resource name via synonym resolution - this also fixes an issue where relationships info for foreign keys of term form tables was incorrect
* Updated to sbvr-parser ^0.1.0 so we can rely on the `has`/`is of` synonymous forms being in the LF.
* Added relationship info from the term form of a fact type to it's component terms
* Added relationship info from the first term of a synonymous form to the fact type table
* Added relationship info from the first term of a fact type to the fact type table
* Removed 'BooleanAttribute'/'Attribute'/'ForeignKey' placeholder tables from the output.
* Added relationship info for synonymous form relationships
* Added a list of synonyms to the result
* Added relationship info for attributes, foreign keys, boolean attributes, and from link tables (fact types) to its component terms.
* Added `modelName` to the table info
* Switched to generating field names as "verb-term" (except when the verb is 'has') so that it is possible to differentiate relationships between terms. eg 'pilot copilots for pilot' and 'pilot trained pilot'
* Changed table names to keep spaces in terms and verbs, but `-` between them, matching fields, eg 'pilot-can fly-plane'
* Removed tables that should not exist from the output.

## v0.0.19

* Switched to only adding concept type joins if they're actually needed.
* Added a test for a self-referential fact type and synonymous form.

## v0.0.18

* Added support for concept type on term form fact types.
* Added a synonymous form test.

## v0.0.17

* Fixed non-primitive concept types.

## v0.0.16

* Updated lodash to ^4.0.0

## v0.0.15

* Updated ometa-js

## v0.0.14

* Added a `created at` field by default that is a `TIMESTAMP` with `DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP`.

## v0.0.10

* Updated lodash to ^3.0.0

## v0.0.9

* Added support for making unique fields of a term form nullable.
